Good morning, family!
How are y'all doing?
I'm excited to be here today.
I have some things on my heart that the Lord has been talking to me about in prayer: interceding for Israel and for Iran, and what's going on in the Middle East right now.
There is an escalation of things, and I'm getting some very heavy warnings whenever I pray.
One of the things I was feeling a caution about talking about was this thing going down in Cuba.
I tried to tell you all in the prayer video I did that the Lord showed me some things.
I saw some meetings, some secret things taking place, and the Lord said, 'Go back to the 1960s.
' During that timeframe, when Kennedy was president and what was going on there.
I wasn't going to reveal a lot of what I saw because of safety for my family, but I will tell you this: it's something to pray about.
This is very serious what the Lord showed me and what they were planning—old ties were being reunited.
It was brought up in the Russian news a couple of days ago, talking about the exact same thing the Lord warned me about in prayer weeks prior.
So here we are, another major thing for people to pray about: Havana.
I'll leave that there.
Now I want to go to the things the Lord has been warning me about: praying about Israel striking Iran and this causing a major uprising in the Middle East.
The United States will be coinciding with this; it will be about the oil.
As I said, the Lord showed me oil prices skyrocketing in the Middle East, the petrodollar, and things like that controlling the economy.
There's a lot of manipulation and darkness with this.
As a prophetic intercessor, the Lord shows me things, and I have to check about saying this or that.
He has not released me to say everything, but I'm going to tell you we need to pray over strikes against Iran.
It's going to increase.
It's about the oil, the green agenda, and all the world economic stuff.
After they had that meeting, I'm telling you, more stuff is coming.
I'm trying to warn you about what I'm seeing and praying about in the spirit so you can pray with me.
This is not a 'Debbie Downer' or 'doom and gloom' message; I'm trying to warn you as a watchman to pray and intercede.
We have power and authority in the spirit realm.
As far as Cuba goes, I'm still praying in the spirit over it.
I haven't received a direction of danger per se; it's just like I get these pulses like heartbeats.
The Lord will warn me about these heartbeats, and it's like he says, 'I need you to intercede for this.
' The more I pray, the more he shows me pieces and meetings.
It's a caution—that's a good way to say it.
Do you remember those games at the arcades where that mole keeps sticking his head up and you keep hitting him?
Hit that mole in the head, smack him down, and he falls.
That is the devil; he is always trying to rear his head, and we take our spiritual sword and smack him in the head with that Whac-A-Mole action and keep hitting him down in there.
He tries to figure out where to stick his head up next, but we're going to keep hitting him as fast as we can to keep that devil down.
He tries to stir up drama in the earth, like everything down in Eagle Pass and at the border.
He keeps trying to rear his head.
We have to get to the point where we're not just putting the devil's fires out after he starts them; we keep the fires from starting.
We stop chasing the devil; we are ahead because we know what's coming.
It's time to go deeper and come up higher in intercessory prayer.
The Holy Spirit will show you things to come and show you how to stop them before they even start.
He’ll show you where that 'whack-a-mole' head is going to come up before it even happens.
He'll say, 'It's going to come up over there next,' and you hit it before he even has a chance to stick his head out of that hole.
I'm trying to give you a visual so the Body of Christ understands it's time to come up higher in prayer and the authority we have through Jesus Christ.
We are seated with him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities, powers, and might.
The Holy Spirit dwells inside of you, and we are able to take authority and dominion over the devil.
We shouldn't be going around just putting out fires.
Now, my wife is going to read this prophetic warning about Israel and Iran that was given several years ago.
I hope this blesses you.
Keep watching, and I'll be back in a little bit to close this out.
We'll pray over Iran, Israel, and the peace of Jerusalem.
I'm not trying to preach fear; I'm trying to wake you all up.
We are in the last of the last days.
Jesus is coming soon.
Look at the economy and the signs in the heavens.
God is trying to tell the people, 'I'm coming.
' I hope you're ready.
(Wife): This is a prophetic word from November 28th, 2019.
I was observing a meeting of military leaders with the supreme leader of the Iran regime.
They were seated at a very large conference table, curved like an oval.
On the far end was the head man who had a white beard and was wearing a white head wrap and a long dark brown robe.
Flanking him on both sides were men in military uniforms.
They were speaking in their language, but somehow I understood the conversation.
In a nutshell, the leader said that Iran is in a crisis both from without and within.
Within, he said it was the rise of Christian revival in Iran.
From without, it is economic.
'The Great Satan,' as he called the United States, has nearly crippled our economy.
Then he said Allah had spoken to him to gather those in that room and tell them the time has now come to go to war to end all wars, to destroy the 'Little Satan' and mortally wound the 'Great Satan.
' I realized this referred to Israel and the U.
S.
Everyone at the table then applauded and shouted in unison, 'Our God is greater!
' and 'Death to our eternal enemies!
' The leader continued and said the Mahdi Messiah is about to appear, and we are to prepare his way.
Even if Iran falls, we must destroy the Zionist regime.
All is now prepared; we have the weapons to overwhelm them and wipe the Little Satan out and liberate the Middle East.
Then they all stood and shouted over and over, 'Our God is greater!
Death to the infidels!
' Then the Holy Spirit said to me, 'Iran's fanatical regime has plans in place for a sudden, all-out attack on Israel.
' They plan to use the element of surprise to launch a simultaneous missile attack from all sides.
They believe it will overwhelm the IDF missile defenses by the sheer number of missiles.
They have nuclear capability now, though it is limited and untested.
Their strategy is to knock out the missile defenses first and then try to sneak in the atomic warheads in the deluge.
They have ten nuclear devices hidden among their arsenal, including one submarine.
Tell my prayer warriors to take authority and intercede now so this evil plot will be stopped.
(Speaker): Regarding the vision I had back in November, the Antichrist agenda was trying to come on faster.
They're even asking for the Mahdi.
I told y'all that they worship the Mahdi on Fridays during the seven years of tribulation.
I told you I believe the person I saw was MBS.
Most people say there's no way, or they say it's Obama or Trump.
I'm telling you, you don't know what you're talking about because I was there.
I was with Jesus Christ himself walking the streets of America, and I saw it on the screen.
I'm trying to warn you ahead of time.
Does it change anything?
No, but it's something you can pray about and have eyes to see.
I could not see his eyes or his nose—the Lord blocked it out—but the mannerisms, the way he talks, and the way he flows are identical.
And who is on the news over there all the time right now?
Who is the main spokesperson for the people?
The Prince.
It isn't anybody else, and it just started to happen.
I'm not going to be here to see it anyway.
Jesus is coming back for his bride, and we're going to be caught up in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye.
We're all going to be changed.
We're going home in the Rapture.
We're not appointed unto wrath.
God is not a wife-beater; he is not going to beat his bride.
He loves us.
For me and my house, we're going in the Rapture.
I want to pray for the safety of America.
We have open borders from a rogue president who doesn't know what he's doing, and people are pouring over.
It's not just people seeking refuge; there are terrorists.
This isn't Hollywood; it's real life.
I see mountains right now and hidden things in Iran—hills and caves with hidden things.
The Lord said the Israeli intelligence knows about these things.
I see canisters; they're like silver canisters full of liquids, some of them gas.
They are like huge kegs in an underground tunnel system.
I see a yellow mustard gas; it is a gas in these, these Agent Orange.
It's neurological.
I see a long truck, and they are trying to transport these things.
I see them trying to sneak the back way through the hills.
It's coming through Damascus.
I call every hidden thing to be exposed in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that you're guiding the intelligence and speaking to them through signs.
I just saw Iraq flash before me—the northern part.
I see Jordan, going clear into Syria.
I see them chanting 'Death to America.
' It's a rising up of so much hatred.
Lord, about that gas—it makes the victim throw up and causes convulsions.
It causes huge burns and welts upon the skin.
I see welts like your skin is melting.
We pray for protection against this evil activity.
I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
I'm going to end this video here and pray over this some more.
Put a smile on your face; Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you guys; have a nice day.